Let's put together an initial implementation of our update request handler.
Inside the Roots Directory, I'll make a new file of update CSS.
But inside of here, the very top.
Once again, we'll get express request response.
From Express.
I will definitely be needing the body validator from express validator.
I'm definitely going to need a couple of different middle wears from our common library.
In total.
I'm just going to kind of take a guess here.
I think we probably need to validate the incoming request.
I think we probably need to handle the case in which a ticket is not found.
So how about that not found error.
We probably want to have some kind of authentication restriction around this route.
HANDLER So let's get required off.
We want to handle the case in which a user is trying to edit a ticket that they do not own.
So how about not authorized?
Air.
And I think that's probably good for right now.
And then finally after that, let's get our ticket model from up one directory models ticket.
Radar router.
On that router.
I'm going to associate a put method to API tickets.
Colon ID.
I'm going to have an async route handler.
I'm going to receive a request.
And response.
I'm going to leave that thing empty for just a moment and I'll go down and immediately export this thing
and then wired up to our app.
So I will export router as.
How about update ticket?
Router.
Okay.
I'll save this thing.
Let's go back over to our sports file.
Inside of here towards the top right after all of our other routers.
I'll get update ticket router.
Nope.
Not index, but update.
That's better.
And we can associate that with our app down here.
So app use update ticket router.
All right.
A lot of wire up, but we're done.
So now let's start to put together some implementation on this thing to at least make those first two
tests pass.
So we want to make sure that if we ask for an ID that doesn't exist, let's send back a four or four.
We also want to make sure that if the user is not authenticated, we sent back a 401.
Well, the authentication step is definitely pretty straightforward.
So for that, right before our route handler, we can add in our require auth middleware.
So I'll do require off.
Like so.
And that should definitely work.
We can definitely save this and test right now, but let's try to implement or put in some implementation
for that other one where we return a four or four if the provided ID does not exist inside of our tickets
collection.
So for that very similar to what we did on the Git method just a little bit ago, let's try to pull
the ticket that the user is looking for out of our tickets collection using our ticket model.
So we can do a ticket is a weight.
Tickets filed by ID.
Alpecin req params id.
Then if there is not a ticket.
Let's throw a new not found air.
And then finally, just to make sure that all those other tests do not stall and have to time out,
remember, that's a 5/2 waiting period by default with just let's just send back some response right
here.
So even if we don't actually do the update, at least all those tests will immediately resolve.
So I'll do a rest send.
We'll just send back the entire ticket for now.
And then going to save this file.
Let's go back over to our terminal and see how we're doing.
It looks like those tests are passing.
Very good.
So let's take a quick pause right here and we'll continue with the remaining tests.
In just a moment.